all right what's going on guys from XE
and pretty much this is just like I'm
not boarded since the top 20 results
came out because I just haven't felt
like it plus I didn't really know what
to upload flush the mighty president got
that many views because the hype was on
phase 5 and whatnot so I'm pretty much I
did not make top 20 and as you can tell
by the title of this video um I am not
mad actually I'm really not and I wasn't
ever mad at any point I was just uh yeah
obviously I was disappointed who
wouldn't be that's that's top 20 like
that's crazy but no i was not mad
everybody in that list deserves to be
there and they're there for a reason I
don't get why there's so much hate on
like 32 like six of the people that it's
just death threats and stuff like that
like it's retarded like saying like
rebec should be over you kill yourself
like why are you saying that like I
respect the fact that you want me and
top 20 or wanted me in top 20 and that's
awesome I appreciate that but don't put
others down to put me up because that's
not gonna put me up and if I ever got in
because of that like just pushing me up
and pushing others down that that would
have just made me feel like shit being
there and I wouldn't want that I'm so
happy I'm a top 100 I've gained five
thousand subscribers in three weeks and
that's ridiculous it's crazy and I'm not
mad at all that i didn't make top 20
because i didn't deserve it everybody
maybe if it was clips wise i I'd
probably be up there I'm not bragging
about that but think about it like think
about the creativeness I wouldn't have
been up there look at my channel it's
all many Taj's date ologist episodes
montages that's it there's no vivos
yourself series i have commentaries but
i suck at commentaries like you can't
you can't say i'll be back should be up
there's been the best player
out there and 19 it's when there's other
people that are all like they're just as
good as me like and then they have
series on the channel they have these
sick like commentary to have these like
cool ideas that they do be logs and
stuff like that I have like maybe three
be logs on my channel so on I just want
you guys to start boosting the top 20 up
and not me because I I I respect like I
said I respect you guys trying to make
it me feel like better but but I don't
feel bad so it's there's no point really
to do that but I do respect the people
were like yo sorry you didn't make it
you're going to make it eventually just
keep grinding do you and that meant a
lot reading those comments I'm pretty
sure I got more interactions from not
making top 20 than making top 20 and
note there was crazy like my
interactions were stupid they were going
crazy like it was 99 interactions + 2 99
interactions + 2 99 interactions plus it
was crazy there was over like two
thousand tweets at least like and the
amount of tweets just saying be back
should have made it like I really do
appreciate that but I really shouldn't
have and I accept that because I know
it's true so I hope you guys really
understand where I'm coming from and
wish the phase five guys the best of
luck because they really deserve it guys
they really do they're great players
created guys bunch of good guys and I
have nothing but the best to say for
them and nothing but the wet best to
wish them so I really hope you guys
understand where I'm coming from and no
I'm not mad at all I'm actually more
than happy so thank you so much phase
for the opportunity you gained you grew
my channel more than I could have ever
done by myself so I really really am
appreciative for that so thank you again
and it's been dry Lexi have a great day
everybody